feat: adding Firebase integration as MemoryStore (#610)
daydreamsai/daydreams: packages/firebase/README.md

# @daydreamsai/firebase

> A Firebase Firestore integration package for the DaydreamsAI platform, providing persistent memory storage for conversation data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Firebase Firestore integration package for the daydreams, providing persistent memory storage for conversation data.
```
